♪ MTV ♪
Tommy? How are you?
The world is my oyster, Cami.
What can I tell you?
I remember that oyster.
[Nathan]
This is a bereavement offer.
What's the catch?
You can't decide that
the accident was our fault.
What if it was your fault?
- [Angela] Where's Victor?
- [Nelson] Victor has
asked us to assist in
the dissolution of the marriage.
Get to the fucking Bentley.
The Bentley was a gift.
All gifts are your
separate property.
[Tommy]
The Hermosa Field lease?
They want compensation
for the product they lost.
- Get in line.
- They made threats.
- [phone buzzing]
- Why is Nathan calling my phone?
- Hey, Nate.
- Cooper was attacked last night.
- He's in surgery at General.
- Cooper Norris?
- Who are you?
- I'm his sister.
- I'm harder to explain.
[cries] Oh, my God!
[breathes heavily]
Mom?
Find the fuckers that did this.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[grunting]
That's what I do to people
who hurt my family.
Ah!
I got to get my boy out of here
before somebody kills him.
♪ somber country music ♪
♪
[lighter flicks]
[grunts]
[Tommy]
Well, I'll tell you what,
I've seen some terrible ideas
in my day.
Why don't you come home, Cooper?
And where would that be, Dad?
Where's home for me?
[Ariana]
It's the least I can do.
And it will be nice
to have some company.
[Tommy] You might get more
company than you want, honey.
There's a big bull's-eye
on this boy.
I know. I put it there.
- [car door closes]
- [engine starts]
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
You remember what
happened to them?
I've actually
never seen the play.
They died, Beverly.
After they destroyed
their own families,
they both committed suicide.
♪ quiet, contemplative music ♪
♪
[Cooper grunts]
[grunting]
[door opens]
- Okay.
- [groans]
Hola, Lucia.
[Lucia]
Hola.
[Ariana]
Okay, watch your step.
¿Cómo está mi bebé?
Todo tranquilo.
Tomó dos botellas.
Dormido. Todo bien.
-¿Me das un momento?
- [Lucia] Mm-hmm.
Sí, no hay prisa.
No tengo nada que hacer.
Está chulo.
Lucia.
[chuckles softly]
[groans, winces]
[panting]
This is your room.
This is the only bed we've got.
Other room has a crib in it.
You might be skinny,
but you ain't fitting in that.
I can't take your room.
I sleep most nights
on the couch anyways.
I'm gonna make you
something to eat.
I-I'm not hungry.
Okay, the one thing you're gonna
do while you're here is eat.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
[sighs]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
♪ Go on and do the two-step
then cowboy boogie ♪
♪ Grab your sweetheart... ♪
[instructor]
Keep that pace steady!
Every stroke counts
towards your goals.
Remember, you're stronger
than you think.
♪ And dip with it ♪
♪ Go and throw down,
take a sip with it ♪
♪ Now lean back,
put your hips in it... ♪
You should teach
a class here, Mama.
Your ass is nicer
than the instructor's.
You're so sweet, baby.
♪ To the right,
to the right... ♪
I don't know, I mean,
that's a pretty round peach.
Bitch!
Excuse me?
Your ass is amazing, I hate you.
Thank you. [laughs]
I mean, they say
if you do what you love,
you'll never work
a day in your life.
I'm never working a day
in my life no matter what.
My only job
is to make my man happy.
Then he will buy me the things
that make me happy
and take me to the places
that make me happy.
And I will reward him with sex.
That's the way
the world works, honey.
Throw in the occasional blowjob?
You got the world
by the short and curlies.
- [instructor] Switch stations.
- Whew.
If you're on a rower,
get to a treadmill.
If you're on a treadmill,
get to a rower.
Set your treadmills to three for
elevation and seven for speed.
[Angela] Go six and eight.
If we wanted to burn calories,
we would jog
the fucking neighborhood.
We're here to build butts.
[instructor] All right, ladies.
In three...
two... one.
Let's go! Let's go!
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ contemplative music ♪
♪
- [server] Another round?
- Oh, no, thank you, darling.
- [Blanton] You sure?
- [chuckles]
Okay, look, we'll go 60-40,
60 your way.
How many wells?
[Blanton] Phase one would be 54.
Uh, the entire field
we're thinking 250, 300.
We drilled six exploratory
wells, hit on four.
All four producing
over 200 barrels.
- What do you need me for?
- Well, the banks, Monty.
The fucking private banks won't
touch fossil fuels anymore.
Fill their fucking G5s
with our product,
but they won't
kick over any paper.
How about Lone Star
or, uh, uh, Plains Capital?
Nope, no.
They want full recourse,
nine percent minimum.
Well, now, Danny, what do you
think I'm gonna want?
I'm offering you
the upside, Monty.
[inhales]
Oh, I don't know.
I got my own fields to drill.
I have 130 wells to work over,
and another 50,000 acres
surveyed and ready to go.
All right. I'll go 65.
[clicking teeth]
Give me a minute.
[groans]
♪ I'm drawing blanks
in my mind ♪
♪ I indulge in dry wine ♪
♪ Verses jump off my pages
all of the time... ♪
[Tommy] I hate flying
into Denver anyhow,
'cause, you know, it's
so damn bumpy going in there.
I said,
"What-What's going on here?"
She said,
"It's a medical emergency.
A guy's colostomy bag blew up."
[laughter]
[Tommy] And... [chuckles]
I guess from the pressure
or whatever, you know.
I ain't shitting you.
Hey, boys. We eating,
drinking, or both?
- Both.
- [Ellie] All right.
Now, we're having
a special on Bud Light.
I'll bet you are.
Yeah, how's that working
out for you, Ellie?
- Like a popcorn fart in church.
- Mm-hmm.
Y'all want to help
a country girl out?
They match me the price
in a bonus.
We're working, Ellie.
Just bring us a pitcher of Ultra
and we'll get you
on the back end.
I know you will, darling.
Y'all want to hear the specials?
Not really.
Chicken fried steaks
all the way around.
[Ellie] You want mashed
or French fries?
- Both for me.
- [Tommy] Both.
Let's just do both
all the way around.
Well, I guess
we're getting our vitamins
from the creamed gravy
today, huh, boys?
[chuckling]
Monty wants
the work-over crews started.
You tell him about
the fucking smugglers
that rolled up on us?
He's aware, so is the sheriff.
The fuck the sheriff's gonna do?
Nothing.
Just use the crews
on the south side of the camp,
if you know what I mean.
You mean the gangsters.
That's exactly what I mean.
Tommy, this job
is dangerous enough
without getting fucking shot at.
They're just gonna
make threats, trust me.
If that's all they gonna do,
then why am I taking gangsters?
Better to have a gun
and not have to use it, Boss.
[phone buzzing]
Speak of the devil.
That ain't the devil,
that's Satan.
If he's Satan,
you know what that makes us.
- [Ellie] Here you go, baby.
- Oh, thank you.
Mmm.
What?
What, what?
Well, if he's Satan,
what does that make us?
[sighs]
Demons.
Yes, sir?
[Monty over phone]
Diamond wants to do a farm-out
on a drill to earn.
At what?
Sixty-forty.
[Tommy]
Where?
All along the Val Verde Basin.
That's so covered up
with smugglers,
you leave a truck there
overnight,
the son of a bitch is gone
the next morning.
I'm-a have to
perimeter fence the site,
I'm gonna have to get security,
take the price up per hole
about 750.
And that's a big risk
down south.
You don't just stab the ground
and it shoots up.
You got to find the pockets.
They hit on four of their six
exploratory wells.
Am I building roads?
Don't know.
How many?
Fifty-four.
[sighs]
I'm-a have to bring on another
eight crews. Your split sucks.
Well, I'll work on the split.
Are we gonna hold off
on the sage flats?
Nope. Those are going, too.
That's a lot of unhappy
drug dealers in that field.
I'm gonna need help with that.
I told you, I'm working on it.
All right, I appreciate it.
Listen, if you close this deal,
I'm gonna need surveys,
I'm gonna need seismographs,
I'm gonna need geothermal.
Yep, yep. You'll have all of it.
What bank?
I need to know
how big the microscope
up my ass is gonna be.
No bank.
I thought we don't
do that anymore.
The stars aligned. We're pushing
the chips toward the middle.
You're pushing 300 million chips
in the middle, Monty.
Well, they're my chips,
aren't they, Tommy?
I get 100% until I recoup.
70% for 12 months after that,
65% in perpetuity.
What am I, Monty,
a fucking sucker?
No, what you are
is an over-leveraged LLC
without enough credit
to pull the loan.
And you're too greedy
to offer any collateral
or risk any of your profits.
So you want no recourse?
This is the price.
Or... fuck you.
Go on over to TPG or Fortress
and watch the master class
they're giving
on getting fucked.
[scoffs]
All right,
you got yourself a deal.
I'll have a contract on your
desk by the end of the week.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
♪ "Hillbilly Hippie"
by Lainey Wilson ♪
♪ F-250 with a daisy
on the dash ♪
♪ "God, guns, country"
bumper sticker on the back ♪
♪ Throwback bell
ringing britches ♪
♪ Fit like a Friday night... ♪
Weren't you supposed to
start school this week?
I was, but I decided
to wait a week
and build the anticipation.
You want to go school shopping?
In Midland?
[Angela sighs]
No, we'd have to go
to Dallas or New York.
We don't have the jet anymore.
[sighs] I know, baby.
Divorce doesn't just
affect the couple,
it affects the whole family.
I'm sorry.
[Ainsley]
What is that?
[Angela] That's where you end up
if your children don't love you.
So, what, they-they just
sit there and wait to die?
Pretty much.
That's so sad.
♪ Hillbilly hippie... ♪
We could go visit them.
And do what?
Well, we could go to CVS
and get some games,
we could get some snacks.
I wouldn't know
what to say to them.
Honey, they wouldn't care
what you say.
They just care
that you're saying it.
Okay, let's do it.
♪ All day long ♪
♪ All day, all day long ♪
[Angela]
So, you're 91?
[Bob]
91.
[Angela]
That's pretty fucking old, Bob.
Pecker still works.
That was my next question.
[Bob] Well, I'm not exactly
in control of when it works...
- [Angela] Mm-hmm.
- ...but the son of a bitch
still works.
So, walk me through
a day in the life of this place.
I mean, what's the deal?
Well, breakfast at 6:30,
then they move us in here.
Nap till 10:30,
then lunch at noon.
Mm-hmm.
[Bob]
Then back in here till 2:30,
then nap till 3:30,
then they move us back in here.
Then at 6:30, we have supper.
We watch Jeopardy! at 7,
then eight o'clock is bedtime.
Any activities?
What kind of activities
you see me doing
in this goddamn wheelchair?
Y'all can play cards.
Nobody can remember the rules.
That's beautiful.
It's shit.
[Ainsley] No, it's...
it's really beautiful.
Why a crow?
Like, where did you,
you know, get the inspiration?
'Cause it's sitting
- in the fucking yard.
- [crow caws]
Oh.
Right.
You know your problem, old man?
You're pissed off.
I mean, all of you are.
And I get it.
Shit, I'd be pissed off too
if I was stuck in this place,
nothing to do.
I know what you people need.
- What's that?
- I'll be right back.
♪ "Spirit in the Sky"
by Norman Greenbaum ♪
Right back, honey.
♪
♪ When I die
and they lay me to rest ♪
♪ Gonna go to the place
that's the best ♪
♪ When I lay me down to die,
going up... ♪
What can I get for you, ma'am?
Gallon of Tito's, margarita mix,
12-pack of ranch waters.
What kind of hard seltzers
you got?
- ♪ Spirit in the sky
- ♪ Spirit in the sky ♪
♪ That's where I'm gonna go
when I die ♪
♪ When I die ♪
♪ When I die
and they lay me to rest ♪
♪ I'm gonna go to the place
that's the best ♪
[lively chatter and laughter]
- Oh, here we go.
- [cheering]
[laughter]
[Angela]
All right, here we go.
"A recent laboratory study
shows that
undergraduates have 50% less sex
after being exposed to..."
♪ So you know that
when you die ♪
♪ He's gonna recommend you... ♪
[laughs]
♪ Spirit in the sky ♪
♪ Whoa, he'll recommend you ♪
♪ To the spirit in the sky... ♪
[laughs]
"Big Bird's
brown crusty asshole."
[laughing] That was mine.
You're not supposed to
say that, Bev.
I'm supposed to try and guess.
But now I know
how your mind works, and you
are one twisted bitch, Bev.
That's my winner.
Everybody drink up,
except Beverly.
I was already drinking.
You got to pace yourself, Bob.
We don't want that pecker
waking up.
I'm sorry, who are you?
You are sorry.
I mean, look at this place.
Would you want to live out
your last years here?
They can't drink alcohol.
You can't get further from 21
than this crowd.
Most of them are--
All of them are on medication.
What's the worst
that could happen?
They could die.
That's what they
were sent here to do,
and until that happens,
they are still adults,
and they can make
their own decisions.
Right, Ethel?
You bet your ass.
[Margaret]
They sure can, but right now,
it's time for their
afternoon nap.
[snoring]
Well, look at that,
mission accomplished.
Don't throw these games out.
Let them have a little
fucking fun.
A little music
and a little fucking fun.
Not too much to ask.
♪ When I die ♪
♪ He's gonna set me up... ♪
Bye.
They were so sweet. Not Ethel.
[sighs] Poor old birds.
No one to give two shits
about them.
[Margaret]
Excuse me.
This bitch.
They want to know
what time tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
What time are you coming back?
[sighs]
I don't want to hear any shit
about how I entertain them.
Hey, whatever you did,
keep doing it.
That's the first time
I've seen Ethel smile.
See you at 11.
They're still
in their morning nap.
Fuck their nap.
It's all they do.
See you at 11.
I'll tell them.
- Mama?
- Mm?
I think you found your calling.
♪ optimistic music ♪
♪ exciting music ♪
♪
[chain rattling]
[whirring]
♪
We need more than this clown
in the rent-a-cop suit
watching this fucking place.
I mean, no telling
what they're gonna do
with all this shit
when we're gone.
We ain't going anywhere
till this work-over's done.
We swap crews
and don't fucking stop.
♪ tense music ♪
Oh, here comes the fun.
Yep.
♪
The big man said you don't drill
till we're paid back.
You think your boss
is the big man?
You don't have any fucking idea
who the big man is.
But you're getting close
to meeting him.
Hey, flaco
with the big fucking mouth,
I know a good way to shut it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You want some, motherfuckers?!
Huh?!
I'm just gonna guess
you don't do a lot of math.
See how well that went?
[vehicle doors closing]
Well, you know
half these sons of bitches
sell drugs for 'em, right?
Take it one day at a time, Dale.
- One day at a time.
- Yeah.
All right, y'all put that shit
away and get back to work.
This rig ain't gonna
build itself.
Coward.
See what that old boy did?
He walked to the back
of the fucking truck.
You got to get me
some real help out here, Tommy.
Some real fucking help.
Yes, I'm working on it,
all right?
Goddamn!
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[engine starts]
[phone buzzing]
Hey, baby.
[Angela]
What are you doing?
Working. Where are you?
I'm at the Patch.
It's happy hour.
[sighs]
Come entertain me.
Well, where's Ainsley?
She's out with friends.
When did she make friends?
Honey,
when you look like Ainsley,
you just step outside,
and they swarm you like bees.
Don't get drunk, okay?
Hmm.
Well, you better come save me.
I'm on my way.
♪ "She's No Good"
by The Red Clay Strays ♪
[lively chatter]
♪ I was minding my own
and I was sitting alone ♪
♪ When trouble come
walking towards me... ♪
[Ellie]
She's in the back.
In the back?
Pool tables.
Fuck.
♪ She had
every man's attention ♪
♪ With all
the wrong intentions ♪
♪ You could tell
by her mischievous grin... ♪
Don't miss.
You know that's
fucking cheating.
It's only cheating
if I touch the table.
Right now,
it's just evil.
[sighs]
Fuck.
You got to put
a little backspin on it.
Uh-huh.
Eight ball in the corner.
- Who's next?
- What in the fuck are you doing?
They were gonna lose
to somebody.
She with you, Tommy?
Bonner, this is my ex-wife.
I'm his current wife.
We've reconciled.
[Bonner] Man, you need
to keep her on a leash.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Mm. That's a thought.
[laughs]
Come on.
Let me buy you a drink.
Okay.
Like you need
another fucking drink.
♪ She comes from silver spoon ♪
♪ Golden rule,
private school... ♪
[Angela]
They were so cute,
with their big old smiles
on their little raisin faces.
♪ And I come from blue collar,
low dollar... ♪
I think I'm gonna start
volunteering after the gym.
What?
Don't get too attached, Angela.
Every one of 'em's gonna die.
Soon.
That's why they're there.
No, they're there
because their children
are little pieces of shit
that don't care about them.
Well, maybe
they can't afford to.
Well, maybe they're not
trying hard enough.
Look, I ain't gonna sit here
and argue with you about
the children of some fucking
old people I never met, okay?
Well, then just admit
that I'm right.
- [scoffs]
- [chuckles] What the fuck?
Okay. You're right.
- Was that so hard?
- [Tommy laughs]
[Angela laughs]
Well, it ain't gonna
happen to us
because I'll be dead
20 years before you will be.
Don't say that.
Well, hell, it's true.
If I don't just drop dead,
you're gonna end up fucking
pushing me around
in a wheelchair
and wiping my ass
and feeding me tapioca.
- And then wiping my ass again.
- I'm not doing that.
And then wishing I was dead.
I don't wish that.
- Really?
- I mean,
I wish it all the time,
but I don't mean it.
I just want you to experience
the pain of death
for upsetting me.
[laughs]
You're twisted
in the fucking head, baby.
You love it.
- [laughs]
- It has its moments.
♪
♪ All right, all right ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ "Keep Up with Jones"
by Lainey Wilson ♪
Pull!
♪
[lively chatter]
♪ Last night, I felt
like a two-dollar pistol ♪
♪ This morning,
I feel like I got shot ♪
That's Dakota Loving's ex.
I met him at Nike camp.
- What a fucking asshole.
- [Cash scoffs]
Who's that?
That's Ryder Sampson.
Good name.
He's the quarterback.
All State. Full ride to Tech.
That's where I'm going.
[Shelby giggles]
Does he have a girlfriend?
He's pretty tricky
to pin down, that one.
I love a challenge.
[both laugh]
I'll be back. 'Kay?
Damn. She's killing me.
All right, boys, I'm going in.
Ah, girl like that don't
date linebackers, amigo.
They date quarterbacks.
- [laughter]
- [Cash] Damn.
[music continues faintly]
I feel like youse too good
for that lukewarm keg beer.
Come with me.
Come with you where?
To get you a proper beer.
Let me guess.
This proper beer
is in the back seat
of your truck.
My truck don't got a back seat.
Come on.
♪ Lead me to a neon sign
and the race is on ♪
♪ I been known to play possum ♪
♪ On a barstool sitting
jukebox ♪
♪ Gold and the whole room
spinning ♪
♪ Living in the middle of
a country and western song... ♪
Cute koozie.
That's a nice touch.
Thank you.
That's a proper beer.
You're Ainsley Norris.
You're Ryder Sampson.
What are you doing here?
I transferred.
My parents are here.
Hmm.
Gonna play at Tech?
That's where I'm going.
You gonna cheer?
Most schools have a policy
against cheerleaders
dating football players,
and I have a policy
against dating boys
who don't play football, so...
You got that player picked out?
Not yet.
I'd sure like to throw
my hat in the ring.
Yeah, I hear your hat's
in a lot of rings.
Ah, don't listen to rumors.
Mm.
You declare a major yet?
I'm thinking philanthropy.
Is that a...?
[laughs]
I'm--
I'm not sure you can get
a degree in that.
Sure you can.
I think you can.
All right, why philanthropy?
Because my husband is gonna
play quarterback in the NFL.
He would be a Dallas Cowboy
in a perfect world, but...
a girl can't plan her life
around a dream.
She needs her goals
to be realistic.
I could end up in Cleveland,
and I'm okay with that, but...
my husband's gonna make
a lot of money
that has to be sheltered
from taxes,
and a foundation is
the best way to do that.
You save, like,
a portion of your income
to give to the needy
'cause the government
is so shitty at it,
and then they give you
a tax rebate.
That's really beautiful.
And so are you.
But you already know that,
now don't you?
[laughs]
Are you gonna play in the NFL?
You bet your ass I am.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
[groans softly]
[exhales]
[grunts softly]
♪ gentle, atmospheric music ♪
♪
[Cooper]
It ain't fair.
Me in the bed, you on the couch.
I'll sleep on top of the covers,
you sleep under them.
I'll be a gentleman.
I think I've proved that.
[softly]
You've more than proved it.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
I haven't had a hug
since the funeral.
[sniffling]
Don't eat me.
[sniffles]
[Tommy snoring]
Baby.
Honey.
[snoring]
[grunts]
She fucked me!
You have two choices.
You can sleep on your stomach
and suck on that pillow
like a fucking inmate
or you can wear
a mask like Maverick in Top Gun.
I'm not listening to that shit
for the next 30 years.
- Was I snoring?
- Does a two-headed whore win
the dick sucking contest?
I'll just go sleep
on the fucking couch.
You're not going
to sleep at all.
You have to go get our baby.
- She not home yet?
- No.
[sighs]
- What's her curfew?
- She don't have a curfew.
But this is her location.
I mean, she has not moved
in 45 minutes.
This girl runs around like
a ferret at a fucking party.
What is that?
It's an iTracker.
Does she know you have
a GPS locator on her?
Of course she doesn't know.
Honey, this is the first time
she's been out
since she's been here.
It's our baby.
Our tiny, little baby.
- Motionless in the desert.
- [mutters]
And you're not curious
as to why?
Maybe some serial killer
drugged her
and is peeling her skin off
as we speak,
but you go sleep
on the fucking couch,
you snoring,
drooling motherfucker.
- Goddamn it.
- You do that.
[sighs]
All right, give me your phone.
Why would I do that?
Because I'm not tracking her
with mine, that's why.
[sighs]
Don't look at the pictures.
I'd be afraid to, honey.
What's your passcode?
This is taking a lot of trust.
[Tommy]
You got that right.
So what's your passcode?
Sixty-four, seventy-six.
How'd you come up with that?
The years we were born,
you heartless prick.
Honey, I was born in '63.
Oh, now you're
a fucking mathematician.
It's not math, Angela,
it's memorization.
- Fuck you.
[sighs] I'm so worried
about her, baby.
Call me when you find her.
If you ever had any doubt
that I love you,
the fact that I'm not
straddling you right now
and choking the life
out of you is proof.
God, I mean, that's so hot.
[mutters] This is never
gonna fucking work.
Don't read my texts!
You guys need, like,
Navy SEAL-level training
for couples.
They should put you in a pit
and let the two of you fight
until one of you dies.
Is that your legal opinion?
No, that one's from the heart.
Where'd you pick
one of those up?
♪ exciting music ♪
♪
[lively chatter]
[Ainsley gasps]
My God.
I just want to work at
the factory where they made you.
[laughs softly]
Whoa.
I'm marrying an NFL quarterback.
If you can't handle this,
how the hell are you
gonna win the Cotton Bowl?
- I can win the Cotton Bowl.
- Say it again.
I can win
the fucking Cotton Bowl.
That's fucking hot.
[grunts]
- Say you're mine.
- I'm yours.
I'm yours. And you're mine.
You are fucking mine.
Hmm.
- [Tommy] Wrong!
- [groaning]
You're fucking mine.
[coughs, chokes]
Don't that hurt?
I'll bet it don't hurt
as bad as this.
[yells, grunts]
Daddy, be careful.
He's on scholarship.
No man alive is allowed
to lay on top
of my fucking daughter.
I was on top
before you got here.
[raspy]
Sir, you should consider that.
I don't want to consider it.
And you, go get in the truck.
Your Friday night's over.
- Daddy...
- Get in the truck!
Okay.
[coughing, choking]
Call me tomorrow.
No, don't you fucking dare
call her tomorrow.
[Ryder] Oh... [coughing]
[coughs]
In-in my defense,
she's pretty hard to say no to.
Noted. But I still
want to kill you.
- I-I understand that, sir.
- Okay.
And I might still
fucking kill you.
[exhales] I have no arguments
against, sir, I...
No. You don't have any fucking
arguments against it.
[Ryder]
Except I have no...
You ain't got
no fucking argument.
- I just prefer if you didn't.
- Shut the fuck up.
I hope you get
fucking married one day
and have a daughter who's hotter
than a two-dollar Rolex.
♪ tense, mysterious music ♪
♪
♪ quiet, gentle music ♪
- [inhales] Can I say something?
- No.
- You don't understand--
- Yeah. Oh, yeah, I understand.
This is the way you introduce
yourself to the town,
by fucking the quarterback
in the bed of his truck?
How'd you know
he's a quarterback?
Everybody knows
he's a quarterback!
God.
He's famous.
You're gonna have to muster
some self-control, honey.
I do. I did.
I didn't mean
to have sex with him,
I was just gonna jerk him off,
that's all
- I was gonna--
- [screams] Stop!
Please.
For Christ's sakes, honey.
You think I want that
in my fucking head?
I am a sexual being,
Daddy, okay?
Goddamn it.
Some things can't be controlled.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Yeah, you can.
And you should.
And by the way,
what kind of guy--
who has any fucking respect
for a woman--
tries to fuck her in the first
15 minutes he met her?
Well, how long did you know Mama
before you two had sex?
Hmm?
A long time ago,
I don't remember.
But I know we dated each other
for quite a while
before I did
any shit like that...
Yeah, well, Mama said you had
her in the back seat of your car
within ten minutes
of seeing her.
And if she had known
where your car was parked,
it would've cut five minutes
off that time.
[lighter opens]
Those things are gonna kill you.
Well, I hope they do it tonight.
Let me tell you something.
When I was a little kid,
I wanted a chimpanzee.
You know why I wanted one?
I wanted to dress him up
in a little sailor suit,
a little western outfit
and shit like you see on TV.
Well, I grew up and realized
that what they really fucking do
is they rip your nuts out
and bite
half your fucking face off
and throw shit at you.
Do you know what I mean?
No.
Well...
♪ exciting music ♪
♪
In case you haven't
figured it out, you're grounded.
What? You can't do that, Daddy.
The age of consent
in Texas is 17.
So grounding me violates
my constitutional rights.
Listen, fathers and daughters
need to live by a code,
so you tell me you're a virgin
until the day you die,
and if you ever have kids,
tell me you're
artificially inseminated.
And if you can do that for me,
I'll pay for college
and your little BMW and
the apartment and all that shit.
But, please,
give me the illusion.
- So you want me to lie?
- With your whole heart.
Well, you should have said that
from the beginning.
[laughs]
Oh, by the way?
Your mom has a GPS tracker
on your phone.
I know.
I should've moved around more.
But, Daddy...
[laughs] He's so fucking hot.
No, no, no. That's the truth.
He was reading Bible stories
and I just got lost in 'em.
- All right.
- Mm-hmm.
Good girl.
[chuckles]
I love you, Daddy.
- [door opens]
- [sighs]
[door closes]
♪ calm music ♪
♪
[brakes squealing]
[whirring]
[garbage truck clattering]
♪
- [doorbell rings]
- [dog barks]
[dog barking]
[doorbell rings]
Hold that thought.
[dog barking]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
- [doorbell rings]
- [dog barking]
[muffled conversation]
[grunting]
[groans softly]
[exhales sharply]
[Nathan] Ariana, this isn't
an attempt to coerce you.
We are trying
to help you and your son.
I think it's worth pointing out
if you refuse,
we will be forced to withhold
payment to the other families.
[Ariana]
The other families signed.
[Rebecca]
They signed an agreement
that we have yet to sign.
Because we are waiting on you.
[Cooper]
Agreement to sign what?
That didn't take long.
This is a private matter, sir.
- [sighs]
- I'd like him to see it.
Would you look at this for me?
Yeah.
And you are...?
Cooper.
"Cooper."
Cooper Norris?
Yes, ma'am.
We've been looking
everywhere for you.
♪ "Moment of Truth"
by The Red Clay Strays ♪
♪
♪ Why do I do ♪
♪ All of these things
I shouldn't do? ♪
♪ Why do I stumble ♪
♪ When I'm somewhere
close to you? ♪
♪ If I can't be righteous ♪
♪ gentle music ♪
♪